[Music]
that conversation we had about grabbing
that house up in Napa how one else how
much the family how our kids to be able
to play outside this is a 67 41 so
pretty I'm Charlie Peck Scott our
welcome to Fox low my
great-great-grandfather built this house
is the only house I ever loved them I
put my soul into it
Fox love is yours now
well take good care of her so bathroom I
feel bad for Charlie good good for us
you're not gonna believe this
Charlie is outside cutting the grass
what did you just get this out of the
garage that's why I keep it that should
be gone by now that's hard too hard say
goodbye
keep hearing this creaking sound mani is
an old house you just bought the pack
ups right
yeah Charlie's quite a guy just don't
look too close under the mask is why
I've died in that house mrs. Charlie mr.
Charlie shotgun in her mouth at least
that's how Charlie explained it the man
acts like the house still belongs to any
ëismí you okay it's not your house
these guys dangerous
I see the way that he looks at you now
charlie is after me stay away from my
wife if you lost everything that was
important and then you had a chance to
get it back would you just go for it
like everything I do
[Music]